Add metadata section to websocket docs (#347)
zeek/broker: doc/web-socket.rst

``args``
  Contains the arguments for the event in the form of another ``vector``.

``metadata``
  Contains a ``vector`` of key-value pairs (represented as further ``vectors``
  of size 2) for which the first element is a ``count`` for identification
  purposes and the second element any supported Broker data type. This vector
  can be used to attach arbitrary metadata to events.

>   Starting with version 6.0, all events published by Zeek will contain
>   ``NetworkTimestamp`` identified by a count of ``1`` as metadata. The
>   data type for the value is a ``timestamp``.

Reviewer: It's a big ambiguous whether version 6 refers to Broker or Zeek. Maybe like this?

```suggestion
  Zeek version 6.0 and up always includes the network time of an event as metadata.
  The key for a network timestamp is ``1`` and the data type for the value is a ``timestamp``.
```
